So until our last section, we were discussing about how we can work with rags and how we can read from
the external documents.
And we also told, like using the Rag operation, we can give an additional knowledge to our large language
model by extracting a PDF file, storing it into a vector stores, and also helping large language model
to get the context that it doesn't know before.
So that is what was the rag that we were talking about.
And now we're going to add even more intelligence to large language model with the power of agents.
So I'm going to go ahead and create a section over here.
I'm going to call this as section six.
And I'm going to call this as agents.
And I'm going to create a new Jupyter notebook.
And I'm going to save it I'm going to call this as agents.
And over here I'm going to start writing the code.
So the first thing which we're going to do as usual is going to be calling the dot import.
as a dot env import for the env file.
I'm going to do that over here.
And I'm also going to call our uh chat olama.
So I'm going to do that as well.
So these are things which we always do.
So I'm going to go ahead and do that.
Um, let me get rid of this line.
We don't even need it.
And we also need to select the kernel.
I'm going to go choose that and save it.
And I'm going to run that.
So I'm just running this very quickly because we have did this millions of time already.
And now we are going to do a markdown over here.
And I'm going to say we need to install a tool over there.
Right.
So installing a community tool.
So we're going to just use the existing tool that's already available instead of us creating a new tool
altogether.
So this tool as I told you is going to be all the tools is listed over here, as you can see.
And one of the popular tool probably I'm not going to go with the search tool or anything like that.
I'm just thinking of using the, Um, uh, Wikipedia tool.
It is going to be offering us quite a lot of latest information, because, you know, Wikipedia is
going to keep on updating every single time, while there is going to be any of the new message coming
up over the internet.
Uh, so it's going to be community driven as well.
So I'm thinking of using this Wikipedia over here.
So we need to install this particular package, uh, which is also straightforward.
As you can see we need to use this particular command uh, to do that.
So I'm going to go over here and I'm going to put the markdown.
So code um bang symbol.
And I'm going to install the Wikipedia.
Look at that.
So that's the installation of the Wikipedia.
We already have the community so we don't really need it.
Uh, the long chain community.
Uh, but now we need to call this Wikipedia tool by writing these two lines like this is the two library
that I need to import.
So let's start using it.
So I'm going to say from long chain community dot tools import Wikipedia query run and utilities is
going to be this one.
So this is going to import these two libraries for me.
There we go.
That's done.
And now we're going to start using this particular Wikipedia within our code.
So let's see how we can use that particular tool.
Well in order to use the tool it is very straightforward.
All you have to do is let's say I'm going to call this as Wikipedia, uh, as a variable.
And I'm going to call the Wikipedia query run over here.
This is the class that I need to need it.
And in this particular class file I'm just going to probably say API wrapper as the Wikipedia API wrapper.
So this is the wrapper that I really need for my run operation to really happen.
So this API wrapper is going to go in turn.
And I'm going to call the API of the Wikipedia.
And it's going to give the result that we are passing in as the query to it.
So for instance, if I'm going to ask um, like the tool um response is equal to I'm going to say,
uh, Wikipedia dot and there is this um, a batch is just like an asynchronous batch that you can pass
in, or you can do a run with your question asking any one of the question that you're looking for.
For instance, I'm going to ask that, uh, give me, um, sorry, details of avatar movie.
Uh.
Over here.
And I'm going to print this particular response.
So I'm going to say print off the, uh, tool response, something like that.
And if I try to run this particular code, you will notice that it's going to go and search this detail
that I have given in the, uh, Wikipedia.
And you see that it's going to give me the result over here.
So the page avatar franchise and it says avatar is an American epic science fiction movie, uh, media
franchise created by James Cameron, blah, blah, blah.
It's all going to come up and this is going to be the first flame over here.
I mean, the context over here just ends because that is the total context that we have set, uh, to,
uh, to return from this particular tool.
I mean, we can increase this context anyways.
Uh, depends on what question that we're really asking, but this is already quite a lot of different
text there.
And we have set the maximum token to use as well.
And we have really not told anything to really use for this particular tool as well.
So that's the reason why you're just getting this particular value there.
So this is about how you use the tool, uh, which is already available in the community.
So you can use all other tools pretty much how they have mentioned over here in the documentation.
You can just use that tool as well.
There is no harm if you're going to be using any one of the probably, uh, search tool, you could
use that as well.
For instance, uh, let's say another popular search tool which is very easy to use is like the duck
duck go search.
So you need to first of all install this duck, duck, uh, go search and then start using it over here.
So I'm going to go put the code, put a bank symbol, install the DuckDuckGo search.
And once this installation is done, I'll just copy this whole thing and try it out.
It's just going to work over there.
I mean, I saw there was some issue when I tried to run this.
The DuckDuckGo search was saying me no good.
DuckDuckGo search result was found for some reason, and that's the reason why I don't want it to show
you this particular example.
But yeah, I mean, as long as this particular thing just works, it is going to give you the response.
But for some reason this is not, um, happening in my machine.
And that's the reason why I don't want it to show you this particular example over there.
But you got the idea, right, like how you use this particular tool within your machine.
Um, and now the next operation that we're going to talk about is how we can write our own tool, like
a custom tool to actually start build from the complete ground up.